Enforce mypy compliance in CI (#3197)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

  <http://github.com/DavidMertz>`_.

- The xarray package is now discoverably by mypy (although typing hints
  coverage is not complete yet). mypy type checking is now enforced by CI.

>   mypy users can now remove from their setup.cfg the lines::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Libraries that depend xarray and use mypy can now remove from their setup.cfg the lines::
```
(or some variant - emphasizing that it's libraries?)
